[THINKING]
BE AT PEACE, BROTHER,
WHEREVER YOU ARE.
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
Syrus: AND UNDERNEATH
THE FULL MOON,
I SEE A PATH TO
A CAVERN THAT SEEMS...
ABANDONED!
OH, REALLY?
THEN WHAT?
THEN, AT THE BACK
OF THE CAVERN,
I SEE A MYSTERIOUS LAKE...
SO I GO INTO LOOK
VERY CAREFULLY.
AND, UNDER JUST THE RIGHT
ANGLE OF LIGHT...
AT THE VERY BOTTOM
OF THE LAKE,
BEYOND MY REFLECTION....
I SEE A RARE
AND POWERFUL CARD.
NATURALLY,
I GO TO GET IT.
BUT WHEN I REACH FOR IT...
[GASPS]
[SCREAMS]
Syrus, narrating?
AN ARM SHOOTS OUT, GRABS ME,
AND BEGINS TO PULL ME
INTO THE LAKE!
[SCREAMING]
HELP ME!
NOT THE WATER!
ANYTHING BUT THE WATER!
AW, WATER'S
NOT SO SCARY!
HUH?
DIRTY, SWAMP WATER...
OH, YOU'RE RIGHT.
ONLY A CHUMP WOULD
BE SCARED OF THAT.
STILL, GOOD STORY--
MID-LEVEL SCARES FOR
A MID-LEVEL CARD.
BUT ME...
I HOPE I GET
A HIGH LEVEL!
OH.
AW, YOU LUCKED OUT.
YOU HARDLY HAVE
TO SCARE US AT ALL
WITH THAT LOW CARD.
ALL RIGHT...
WELL, I THINK
I HAVE A STORY
THAT'LL DO
THE TRICK.
WELL, IT'S MORE
LIKE A MEMORY.
BACK WHEN I WAS
A LITTLE KID,
I USED TO HEAR SOUNDS.
BUT I'D ONLY HEAR 'EM
REAL LATE AT NIGHT...
OH!
[WAILING, SCREAMING]
Jaden, narrating:
I'D THINK I WAS DREAMING,
BUT THEN...
HUH?
THEY SOUNDED
LIKE VOICES,
BUT NOT ONES
I RECOGNIZED.
I WOULD GO TO CHECK
IT OUT...
BUT EVERY TIME I DID...
THERE WAS NOTHING.
NOTHING THERE AT ALL--
EXCEPT MY CARDS...
HUH?
AND?
AND THAT'S THE END
OF THE STORY!
THAT'S IT?
THAT'S ALL?
BUT WANT TO HEAR
SOMETHING STRANGE?
LATELY I'VE STARTED
HEARING 'EM AGAIN.
[COOING]
HMM.
[LAUGHING]
HEY, I WANT TO JOIN IN
ON THE FRIGHT-FEST!
AAGH!
YOU JUST DID!
WE'RE KIND OF
ON THE EDGE OF
OUR SEATS HERE!
OR AT LEAST,
WE WERE...
BUT SINCE YOU'RE
HERE NOW,
WHY DON'T YOU
DRAW A CARD--
THE TOUGHER IT IS,
THE SCARIER YOUR
STORY HAS TO BE!
OH, WELL, THAT CERTAINLY
SOUNDS EASY ENOUGH!
LET'S SEE HERE...
WHOA, THAT'S
A LEVEL 12 MONSTER!
YEAH, I THINK I'M GOING
TO GO TO BED NOW!
[CHUCKLING]
WHAT IS WRONG?
DON'T YOU WANT TO HEAR
ABOUT THE ABANDONED DORM
AT THE END OF
THE ISLAND...
ABANDONED DORM?!
YES.
NO ONE TALKS ABOUT IT,
BUT THERE WAS ONCE
A SPECIAL DORM
SET AT THE EDGE
OF THE FOREST.
IT WAS SHUT DOWN
AFTER SEVERAL STUDENTS
MYSTERIOUSLY
WENT MISSING.
[GULP]
WHERE'D THEY ALL GO?
WELL, THAT'S
THE MYSTERY OF IT,
BUT THE RUMOR WAS THAT
IT HAD SOMETHING TO
DO WITH SHADOW GAMES!
THANKS!
YOU CAN STOP NOW!
YOU SEE, KIDS,
SHADOW GAMES
ARE DUELS
PLAYED WITH POWERFUL
MYSTICAL ITEMS.
MILLENNIUM ITEMS, RIGHT?
I'VE HEARD ABOUT THIS,
BUT IT'S NOT TRUE.
[LAUGHING]
YES, THAT IS WHAT
MOST PEOPLE SAY.
BUT I FIND THAT
MOST STORIES...
WELL, THEY GENERALLY HAVE
TO COME FROM SOMEWHERE.
[MEOW]
[GRUNTS]
WELL, I THINK
THAT'S MY CUE
TO GET BACK HOME.
LATER.
YOU KNOW, THERE IS
THIS CREEPY BUILDING
I SAW IN
THE FOREST ONCE...
AH, SWEET!
THEN YOU'LL LEAD
THE WAY FOR US
TOMORROW NIGHT!
WHA?
WAIT A SEC--
WHAT TO YOU
MEAN "US"?!
IT'LL BE FUN!
YEAH!
YEAH, FUN?
Syrus: AW, MAN...
[SNICKERING]
THIS IS JUST
THE OPPORTUNITY
I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR!
[THINKING]
I THINK IT'S TIME
THE SHADOW GAMES
MADE A COMEBACK...
MILLENNIUM ITEMS
AND ALL!
[LAUGHING]
Man: AAGH!
OK, OK!
YOU WON!
PLEASE, JUST
TAKE ANYTHING
YOU WANT AND GO!
WHAT I WANT...
IS YOUR SOUL!
NO, PLEASE,
SHOW SOME MERCY--
SOME MERCY?
WHAT IS THAT?
[SCREAMING]
REST IN PEACE
IN THE SHADOW REALM!
[CHUCKLING]
[CELL PHONE RINGS]
SPEAK.
DUEL ACADEMY?
TOMORROW NIGHT?
I'LL BE THERE.
THE PHILOSOPHY OF DUELING
WENT THROUGH
A SECOND RENAISSANCE
WITH THE RISE OF
WHAT SOME HISTORIANS DUB
VIRTUAL DUELING...
[THINKING]
SLEEPING THROUGH
YET ANOTHER CLASS...
BUT YOU'LL HAVE
A MAKE-UP LESSON
SOON ENOUGH...
[CHUCKLES]
A LESSON IN
THE SHADOW GAMES.
SO, YOU'RE THE ONE THEY
CALL THE SHADOW DUELIST.
MY OPPONENTS CALL
ME MANY THINGS--
BUT MOST OF WHICH,
ARE HARD TO DISCERN
THROUGH THEIR SHRIEKS
OF SHEER TERROR.
BUT ENOUGH SMALL TALK,
WHAT'S THE JOB?
I WANT YOU TO FRIGHTEN
SOMEONE SO INTENSELY
THAT HE LEAVES THIS ACADEMY
AND NEVER COMES BACK.
UP TO THE CHALLENGE?
OF COURSE.
I NEVER TURN MY BACK
TO A CHALLENGE.
HMM? OH!
MY, MY...
YOU ARE GOOD!
I'M BETTER THAN GOOD.
AND I'LL PROVE IT.
NOT JUST BY SCARING
THIS SOMEONE.
BUT BY BANISHING HIM
TO THE SHADOW REALM!
HMM.
WELL, ALL RIGHT,
IF YOU INSIST.
Jaden: I MEAN,
YOU COULD LOOK AT IT
AS BEING LOST...
OR YOU COULD SAY
THAT WE'VE FOUND
A COUPLE PLACES
WHERE IT'S NOT!
YEAH, WELL WE'VE
BEEN FINDING PLACES
FOR OVER AN HOUR
NOW, BUT THEN,
I GUESS IT COULD
BE WORSE FOR SY.
HUH? FOR SY?
YEAH, WE COULD BE NEAR
A LAKE OF "DIRTY,
SWAMP WATER."
VERY FUNNY, BUT
YOU WERE THE ONE
WHO REFUSED TO BATHE
'CAUSE YOU WERE
SCARED OF THE BATH
WATER LAST NIGHT.
HA! WELL, MAYBE IF YOU
CLEANED IT ONCE IN AWHILE
IT WOULDN'T BE
SO SWAMPISH!
MAYBE IF YOU
GREW UP
AND STARTED TO
TAKE SHOWERS!
HEY, CHECK THIS OUT!
CHECK OUT WHAT'S
BEHIND IT!
THE OLD DORM!
AND PROBABLY LOTS
OF GHOSTS, TOO!
RELAX, GUYS.
[SCREAMS]
Both: SO, WHAT'S THAT?!
HUH?!
OH, HI, ALEXIS.
[GROANING]
ALEXIS?
WHAT ARE YOU
DOING HERE?
THAT'S FUNNY.
I WAS ABOUT
TO ASK YOU GUYS
THE VERY SAME THING.
WE HEARD ABOUT
THE ABANDONED DORM
AND WANTED TO
CHECK IT OUT.
WELL, THAT'S NOT
VERY INTELLIGENT.
DON'T YOU KNOW THAT
KIDS HAVE A WAY
OF DISAPPEARING
AROUND HERE?
AW, COME ON.
THAT'S JUST
SOME URBAN MYTH.
NO, IT'S NOT.
BELIEVE ME, I KNOW.
WHY ELSE WOULD
THE ACADEMY
MAKE THIS PLACE
COMPLETELY FORBIDDEN!
THEY CATCH YOU HERE,
AND THEY'LL
EXPEL YOU, JADEN.
YEAH, SURE, OK, SO THEN
WHY ARE YOU HERE?
I HAVE MY REASONS,
THAT'S WHY!
WHOA, ALEXIS,
NO NEED TO SNAP!
WE JUST CAME HERE
TO LOOK AROUND,
BUT, HEY, WE'LL STAY
OUT OF YOUR WAY,
DON'T WORRY
ABOUT IT.
LOOK, IT'S JUST THAT...
JUST THAT WHAT?
ONE OF THE KIDS WHO
DISAPPEARED HERE...
WAS MY BROTHER.
[GASPS]
[THINKING]
OH.
THAT EXPLAINS
THE ROSE...
HUH?
Syrus: IF ALEXIS'
BROTHER REALLY
DISAPPEARED...
THEN THE RUMORS
AREN'T JUST RUMORS!
I SAY WE GO BACK,
JADEN!
YEAH?
WELL, I SAY
WE GO IN!
WHAT?!
SEE YOU IN A FEW,
SYRUS!
DON'T DISAPPEAR ON US!
[CHUCKLE]
[GRUNTING]
DISAPPEAR?!
AW, WAIT UP!
[THINKING]
I HOPE JADEN KNOWS
WHAT HE'S DOING.
[GASPS]
[SCREAMS]
Jaden:
THIS PLACE IS SWEET!
YOU KNOW,
A LITTLE PAINT,
COUPLE OF
CARDBOARD BOXES,
MAYBE A THROW RUG...
AND WE COULD
SO TOTALLY
MOVE IN HERE!
WHAT?!
HUH?
ARE YOU KIDDING?
THIS IS EVEN WORSE
THAN THE SLIFER DORM!
I MEAN, WHAT'S ALL THIS
STUFF ON THE WALLS?!
DO YOU THINK IT
HAS SOMETHING TO DO
WITH THE SHADOW GAMES?
JADEN, DON'T
STAND SO CLOSE.
ARE YOU NUTS?!
HEY, I THINK THIS SHOWS
THE 7 MILLENNIUM ITEMS.
HOW COOL...
AND THAT SHOWS
SOMEONE I'VE NEVER
SEEN BEFORE.
[GASPS]
WHERE AM I?
[LAUGHTER]
ON A HOOK.
DANGLING, BAITING YOUR
FRIENDS INTO MY TRAP...
JADEN?!
[SCREAMING]
[GASPS]
THAT SOUNDED
LIKE ALEXIS!
LET'S GO!
Jaden: ALEXIS?!
WHOA.
OOH!
THIS IS ALEXIS' CARD.
WELL, THERE'S ONLY ONE WAY
THAT SHE COULD HAVE GONE...
THEN THAT'S THE WAY
WE'RE GOING!
Syrus: ALEXIS?!
ALEXIS?!
[CHUCKLE]
ALEXIS!
Man: SHE CAN'T HEAR YOU...
SHE'S FAR AWAY, LOCKED
IN THE SHADOW REALM!
WHO'S THERE?
[GASPS]
YOU WORST NIGHTMARE
COME TRUE.
OH, GIVE ME A BREAK.
THEN LET ME PROVE
IT TO YOU...
IN A SHADOW GAME!
Syrus: WE GOTTA
GET ALEXIS BACK!
YEAH, HAND HER
OVER RIGHT NOW
OR YOU'LL BE SORRY!
THE ONLY WAY
I WILL FREE HER
IS IF YOU BEAT ME
AT A SHADOW GAME.
HE'S NOT LOOKING
AT ME, IS HE?
LOOK, I'M NOT AFRAID
OF DUELING YOU,
BUT SHADOW GAMES
DON'T EXIST!
THE OTHERS
DIDN'T BELIEVE IN
THE SHADOW
GAMES EITHER...
BUT THEY WERE
SOON CONVINCED.
FOR, YOU SEE, WHEN YOU
LOSE IN A SHADOW GAME,
YOU DON'T JUST PAY WITH
YOUR LIFE POINTS...
YOU PAY WITH YOUR SOUL.
SO, YOU'RE THE ONE
BEHIND ALL THOSE
DISAPPEARANCES!
WELL, YOU'RE NOT
GETTING US--
ESPECIALLY ALEXIS!
UNLESS YOU WIN,
SHE'S MINE FOREVER--
AS WILL YOU BE!
[GROWLS]
ALL RIGHT,
GET YOUR GAME ON!
SHADOW GAME, THAT IS!
JUST HANG ON, ALEXIS,
I'LL GET YOU OUT.
DUEL!
PREPARE, YOU FOOL,
TO ENTER INTO...
THE SHADOWS!
I SUMMON INFERNAL
QUEEN ARCHFIEND
IN ATTACK MODE!
AN ARCHFIEND MONSTER?
YES, AND NOW THAT
THIS CARD'S OUT...
EACH AND EVERY MONSTER
WITH "ARCHFIEND"
IN ITS NAME
GAINS 1,000
ATTACK POINTS!
[GASPS]
CAREFUL, JADEN!
[ROARS]
UH, YEAH, ACTUALLY
I ALREADY KNEW THAT.
AND I ALSO KNOW THAT
TO KEEP THOSE
ARCHFIENDS ON THE FIELD,
YOU'VE GOTTA PAY
LIFE POINTS
DURING EVERY STANDBY
PHASE OF YOUR TURN!
[CHUCKLES]
NO, I DON'T.
NOT AFTER ACTIVATING
THE SPELL CARD PANDEMONIUM!
[GRUNTING]
HUH?!
PRETTY COOL. WOW.
AND IT DOESN'T JUST
CHANGE THE SCENERY--
IT CHANGES THE RULES.
NOW I DON'T HAVE TO
PAY ANY LIFE POINTS
FOR MY ARCHFIENDS,
AND IF THEY'RE
EVER DESTROYED
OUTSIDE OF A BATTLE,
I GET TO PUT ANOTHER
FIEND RIGHT INTO MY HAND.
I KNOW WHAT
YOU'RE THINKING.
YOUR LITTLE FRIEND'S
FATE IS ALL BUT SEALED!
WELL, YOU'RE RIGHT!
ALEXIS!
THAT'S NOT FAIR!
YEAH,
WHAT HAVE
YOU DONE?
THE SAME THING THAT I WILL
DO TO THE BOTH OF YOU...
SHOULD YOU CONTINUE
TO PESTER AND ANNOY ME!
[GASPS]
HEY! JUST LEAVE MY
FRIENDS OUT OF THIS!
MY DRAW!
[THINKING]
I DON'T HAVE ANY CARD
THAT CAN GO UP AGAINST
1,900 ATTACK POINTS!
BUT MAYBE...
ELEMENTAL HERO AVIAN...
I SUMMON YOU OUT
IN ATTACK MODE!
AND I'M GONNA THROW DOWN
TWO FACE-DOWNS AS WELL!
TOO BAD YOU WON'T HAVE
A CHANCE TO USE THEM!
I SUMMON
TERRORKING ARCHFIEND
IN ATTACK MODE!
[ROAR]
NOW, YOU HAVE TWO VICIOUS
ARCHFIENDS TO CONTEND WITH,
AND THANKS TO
THE SPECIAL ABILITY
OF THE INFERNAL QUEEN...
THE TERRORKING'S
ATTACK POINTS
AUTOMATICALLY
INCREASE BY 1,000,
MAKING HIM AN EVEN
MORE FIENDISH FORCE
TO BE RECKONED WITH!
3,000 ATTACK POINTS?
THAT'S RIGHT,
AND NOW I'M GOING TO
PUT THEM ALL TO USE.
TERRORKING ARCHFIEND...
ATTACK AVIAN!
LOCUST-STORM BARRAGE!
NO WAY!
YOU FORGOT ABOUT
MY FACEDOWN CARD--
MIRROR GATE!
THIS TRAP CARD
CAUSES OUR MONSTERS
TO TRADE PLACES--
MY AVIAN FOR
YOUR TERRORKING!
SO, NOW ALL THOSE
3,000 ATTACK POINTS
ARE GONNA BE GOING
TO WORK FOR ME!
YOU REALLY
THOUGHT YOU COULD
BAIT ME INTO A TRAP?!
LOOK AROUND YOU
AND TELL ME
WHO'S TRAPPED.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?!
I MEAN YOUR TRAP
WON'T WORK
AGAINST MY
TERRORKING!
IT SIMPLY ACTIVATES
HIS SPECIAL ABILITY--
AN ABILITY THAT WILL
DETERMINE OUR MONSTERS' FATE
BY WAY OF CHANCE!
OH, MAN...
YOU SEE,
WHEN HE'S TARGETED
BY AN OPPONENT'S EFFECT,
TERRORKING'S
SPECIAL ABILITY
GIVES ME
A GAMBLING CHANCE--
A NUMBER BETWEEN ONE AND 6
IS SELECTED AT RANDOM--
AND IF IT HAPPENS
TO BE A TWO OR A 5...
THEN YOUR TRAP'S DESTROYED
AND ARCHFIEND STAYS
TO FIGHTS ON MY SIDE.
SO...
LET'S SPIN
THE WHEEL OF FATE
AND SEE WHAT HAPPENS,
SHALL WE?
IT'S OK...
THE ODDS ARE WAY
IN JADEN'S FAVOR.
YOU FLUNKED
MATH, CHUMLEY!
NO, I GOT A 54.
Man: TWO!
IT SEEMS AS
THOUGH THE CHANCE
HAS FAVORED
THE TERRORKING ARCHFIEND!
MIRROR GATE
IS SHATTERED!
LOCUST-STORM BARRAGE,
FINISH HIM!
[ROAR]
WELL, THAT STINKS!
BUT AT LEAST IT
ACTIVATES MY OTHER TRAP!
HERO SIGNAL!
WHEN MY MONSTER IS
DESTROYED IN BATTLE,
THIS TRAP CARD ALLOWS ME
TO AUTOMATICALLY
SUMMON A MONSTER
FROM MY DECK
OR MY HAND WITH "ELEMENTAL
HERO" IN ITS NAME!
AND I SUMMON,
ELEMENTAL HERO CLAYMAN!
DEFENSE MODE!
[GRUNTING]
OH, WAY TO DUEL!
THAT CLAYMAN SHOULD
KEEP JADEN SAFE!
I DON'T THINK SO.
HMM?
AT LEAST, NOT FROM THIS!
[GASPS]
NOW THE SHADOW GAMES
HAVE TRULY BEGUN!
[GRUNTING]
DON'T YOUR LIFE POINTS SEEM
SO UTTERLY INSIGNIFICANT
NOW THAT IT'S YOUR VERY
LIFE THAT'S AT RISK?
[GASPING]
JADEN!
NO!
HEY, MY ARM!
[CHUCKLING]
IT IS THE WAY
OF THE SHADOWS,
TRANSCENDING THE GAME,
ATTACKING YOUR BODY!
OH! HEY, I CAN'T
MOVE MY FEET!
OF COURSE NOT.
AS THE SHADOW
FOG ROLLS PAST,
YOU ALL WILL FEEL
THE DARKNESS
TAKE YOU INTO ITS GRIP--
COMPLETELY.
THE AIR!
GETTING TOUGH
TO BREATHE!
YOU ARE AT THE MERCY
OF THE NIGHT, NOW!
Syrus: I--I CAN'T
FEEL ANYTHING!
TREASURE THE NUMBNESS--
FOR IT WILL NOT LAST!
SOON, YOU WILL BE DRAWN
INTO AN INFINITE CHASM
OF ETERNAL DARKNESS
WHERE EVERY WAKING MOMENT
WILL BE FILLED
WITH A GAPING--
Jaden: WHAT?
GIVE ME A BREAK!
HOW BAD CAN IT BE?
SO WHAT?
BACK AT OUR DORM, WE
GOT BLACKOUT CURTAINS
SO THAT WE
CAN SLEEP IN LATER.
I'M NOT SCARED OF
THE DARK--IT'S GREAT!
HMM.
BUT YOUR
BLACKOUT CURTAINS
DO NOT WIELD THE SAME
KIND OF MYSTIC POWER
AS MY MILLENNIUM
ITEM DOES.
WHOA.
OH, NO.
TROUBLE!
IT'S YOUR MOVE.
BUT MAKE IT COUNT,
IT MAY BE YOUR LAST!
Jaden, thinking:
WOW...
MILLENNIUM ITEMS,
A SHADOW FOG...
WHO COULD ASK FOR
A BETTER CHALLENGE?!
[THINKING]
WHAT IS HE
SMILING ABOUT?!
ALL RIGHT, JADEN...
GET YOUR GAME ON!
HERE GOES, BUDDY.
FOR MY MOVE, I PLAY...
THE SPELL CARD
POT OF GREED!
AND I'LL FUSE THIS
ELEMENTAL HERO SPARKMAN
WITH MY CLAYMAN
ON THE FIELD.
[GROWLING]
NOW, SAY HELLO TO...
ELEMENTAL HERO
THUNDER GIANT!
[ROARS]
AND NOW I'LL USE
HIS SPECIAL ABILITY...
WHICH LET'S ME
DESTROY A MONSTER
WHOSE ORIGINAL
ATTACK POINTS
ARE LOWER THAN HIS!
NOW, THUNDER GIANT,
LET LOOSE...
STATIC BLAST!
[LAUGHING]
UH-OH.
I ACTIVATE TERRORKING
SPECIAL ABILITY ONCE AGAIN!
SPIN ROULETTE!
OH, NO.
IT JUST CAN'T LAND ON
A TWO OR A 5 AGAIN!
[LAUGHING]
I WIN AGAIN!
IT SEEMS AS
THOUGH EVEN FATE
ISN'T ON YOUR SIDE
HALF THE TIME!
AND NOW YOU WILL
PAY THE PRICE!
[GRUNTING]
THIS STINKS!
TALK ABOUT A RUN OF SOME
REALLY ROTTEN LUCK!
JADEN!
[THINKING]
THIS IS TOTALLY
ANTI-LISHUS.
NO MATTER WHAT
JADEN DOES,
THAT SHADOW DUELIST'S
ARCHFIEND DECK
CAN USE THAT ROULETTE
TO SAVE HIMSELF!
AND THIS CHOKING
DARK FOG
ISN'T EXACTLY HELPING
THINGS EITHER!
I MEAN, FIRST JADE CAME
HERE TO SAVE ALEXIS
AND NOW HE MIGHT NOT EVEN
BE ABLE TO SAVE HIMSELF!
Man: NOW...
ALL YOUR MONSTERS
ARE DESTROYED...
AND YOU'RE NEXT!
[LAUGHING]